pages*: update outdated pages (#11821)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/curl.md

> - Pass a username and password for server authentication:

Reviewer: `man curl`
> ***-u, --user <user:password>***
> Specify the user name and password to use for server authentication.
> If you simply specify the user name, curl prompts for a password.

That way the password won't get saved to shell history.
```suggestion
- Pass a username and prompt for a password to authenticate to the server:
```

> `curl --user {{myusername:mypassword}} {{http://example.com}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`curl --user {{username}} {{http://example.com}}`
```
